[Docs] add dqlite configuration to troubleshooting page (#1022)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/snap/reference/troubleshooting.md

EOF
```

## Increased memory and CPU usage in dqlite

### Problem

The datastore used for {{product}} dqlite, reported an [issue #196] of increased
memory and CPU usage over time. This was particularly evident in smaller
clusters.

> ### Explanation

Author: I think I have it in simple terms. What do you think?

> ### Explanation

Reviewer: I couldn't have said it better 😁

> This issue was caused due to an unoptimized configuration of dqlite for smaller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue was caused due to an inefficient resource configuration of dqlite for smaller
```
Maybe inefficient fits?

clusters. Currently, the default snapshot configuration is 1024 for the
threshold and 8192 for trailing which is too large for small clusters. Only
setting the trailing parameter in a configuration yaml automatically sets the
threshold to 0 leading to increased CPU usage.

### Solution

Apply a tuning.yaml custom configuration to the dqlite datastore in order to
adjust the trailing and threshold snapshot values. The trailing parameter
should be twice to four times the threshold value. Create the tuning.yaml
file and place it in the dqlite directory
`/var/snap/k8s/common/var/lib/k8s-dqlite/tuning.yaml`:

```
snapshot:
  trailing: 512
  threshold: 384
```

Restart dqlite:

```
sudo k8s restart k8s-dqlite
```

Work is being done to make these configuration changes dynamic in future

> releases.

Reviewer: I would avoid making promises :D We don't have a green light from Dqlite folks just yet.

But we can mention this behavior starting the 1.33 release: https://github.com/canonical/k8s-dqlite/pull/230/files

EOF
```

## Increased memory usage in Dqlite

### Problem

The datastore used for {{product}} Dqlite, reported an [issue #196] of increased
memory usage over time. This was particularly evident in smaller clusters.

### Explanation

This issue was caused due to an inefficient resource configuration of 
Dqlite for smaller clusters. The threshold and trailing parameters are 
related to Dqlite transactions and must be adjusted. The threshold is 
the number of transactions we allow before a snapshot is taken of the 
leader. The trailing is the number of transactions we allow the follower 
node to lag behind the leader before it consumes the updated snapshot of the 
leader. Currently, the default snapshot configuration is 1024 for the
threshold and 8192 for trailing which is too large for small clusters. Only
setting the trailing parameter in a configuration yaml automatically sets the
threshold to 0 leading to a snapshot being taken every transaction and 

> increased CPU usage.

Reviewer: Let's split this sentence in two please.
